Documentation updates (#2117)
ROCm/Tensile: docs/src/install/installation.rst

- **2_BenchmarkData**: Contains the raw performance results of all kernels in CSV and YAML formats.
- **3_LibraryLogic**: Contains the winning (optimal) kernel configurations in YAML format. Typically, rocBLAS takes the YAML files from this folder.
- **4_LibraryClient**: Contains the code objects, kernels, and library code. This is the output of running ``TensileCreateLibrary`` using the ``3_LibraryLogic`` directory as an input.

The client is built at the beginning of the build and cached for future builds if the output directory and client build files are unchanged. To use the client, run:

.. code-block:: shell

   ./0_Build/client/tensile_client -h
   ./0_Build/client/tensile_client --config-file=1_BenchmarkProblems/Cijk_Ailk_Bljk_SB_00/00_Final/source/ClientParameters.ini

.. note::

>   The benchmarking module Tensile.py is written in Python3. The Python scripts generate kernels, build or object files, and all C/C++ files used for benchmarking. Note that Tensile is **NOT** compatible with Python2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The benchmarking module Tensile.py is written in Python3. The programs generate kernels and build all object files and C/C++ files used for benchmarking. Note that Tensile is **NOT** compatible with Python2.
```

Supported device languages
============================

Tensile supports the following device languages for GPU kernels:

- HIP (HIP-clang and HCC)

- AMD GCN Assembly
  - gfx803
  - gfx900
  - gfx906
  - gfx908
  - gfx1010

> - OpenCL 1.2 (untested)

Author: @bstefanuk Should this be removed as well?

> - OpenCL 1.2 (untested)

Reviewer: This is out of date, please remove.
